
     This is a "pseudo" inews which allows remote posting using
the NNTP server.  Essentially it takes a bunch of arguments and ignores
ones starting with "-", expecting to find at least one which is
a file name.  If no files are specified, it uses standard input
as the input file.

     It then opens a connection to the NNTP server on the remote
machine and blasts the article across.  It then closes the connection.
If it doesn't find a From: or Path: line, it inserts them, in the
default format

	From: login@hostname.DOMAIN (Full_name)
	Path: hostname!login

where DOMAIN is a #define in ./conf.h, and should be changed to reflect
your system.  A good choice is "UUCP" if you are not a member of the
Internet.  "Full_name" understands the & hack in password files. If
"HIDDENNET" is defined in ./conf.h, DOMAIN is used as the complete host
name, and the format used is

	From: login@DOMAIN (Full_name)
	Path: login

     "hostname" is figured out by what you've #defined in ../config.h.
If you have defined GHNAME, it uses the gethostname() call.
If you've defined UUNAME, it figured it out from the file
/etc/uucpname.  Finally, if neither is defined it gets it from
/usr/include/whoami.h.  If you have GHNAME defined and your
gethostname() returns your fully-qualified Internet name,
undefine DOMAIN.

     The point here is that the thing looks like inews to any program
which would care to post something (e.g., Pnews, postnews, what have
you).  The difference is that the article will look like it was posted
on the remote end, not on the local end.  Please note that "postnews"
(nor any of the other standard news programs) is not required for
rrn/nntp on client machines.

     The "test*" files in this directory provide some good test
material for inews; you can just redirect inews to take input from
them or whatever.

     Thanks to Steven Grady <grady@postgres.berkeley.edu> for
writing this, and for wasting a lot of his valuable time dealing
with the can-o'-worms that is the real inews.

BUGS:

     This version of inews doesn't handle real inews options.  As
a result, some posting programs (notably the Gnumacs front end) will
fail if they use this program.  In the interests of simplicity, I
have no plans for modifying mini-inews to handle real-inews options.
However, if you'd like to send me diffs I'll be more than happy to
install them for the next release.
